Update index.md (#31640)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/document_object_model/traversing_an_html_table_with_javascript_and_dom_interfaces/index.md

This example introduces two new DOM attributes. First it uses the `childNodes` attribute to get the list of child nodes of myCell. The `childNodes` list includes all child nodes, regardless of what their name or type is. Like `getElementsByTagName()`, it returns a list of nodes.

> The differences are that (a) `getElementsByTagName()` only returns elements of the specified tag name; and (b) `childNode()` returns descendants at any level, not just immediate children.

Reviewer: childNodes (plural) is a property, not a method. So, yes, the original is wrong, but i think we may want to write something like:

```suggestion
The differences are that (a) `getElementsByTagName()` only returns elements of the specified tag name; and (b) `childNodes` includes all descendants at any level, not just immediate children.
```

Author: Oh yes, I didn't understand the childNode but now I do. And I think your correction will make a better choice.

      for (let row = 0; row < 2; row++) {
        const myCurrentRow = document.createElement("tr");

>         for (let i = 0; col < 2; col++) {

Reviewer: this is defining `col` as 0, then immediately uses `col`, incrementing it. `i` is not used. The original was correct (though i didn't check the full page to see why we used "2")
```suggestion
        for (let col = 0; col < 2; col++) {
```

Author: I think with this part there is no change to make. It just stays the same like the original.
